2nd June 2025
Mr. SACHIN SANJAY MISHRA
Room no.1, Ambika Singh Chawl, J.P Road,
New DeepakWadi, Nirmal nagar police Station,
Khar Road East, Mumbai- 400051,
Maharashtra.
Letter of Employment.
3
U ✓
U CUBE
Dear Sachin,
We are pleased to extend an offer for you to join Thirty Seven uCube Technologies Private
Limited DBA uCube.ai™ as Full Stack Engineer. After reviewing your qualifications and
discussing your potential with our team, we are excited about the prospect of you bringing
your expertise to our organisation.
Position: Full Stack Engineer
Reporting To: Srinivaschary T
Location: Onsite, Bangalore full time
Start Date: On or before 15th June 2025
Compensation and Benefits:
1. Base Salary: Your annual base salary will be INR CTC 8,00,000 (Eight lakhs),
payable monthly on the last date of every month.
2. There will be a monthly statutory deduction of gratuity as required by the local laws,
and PF can be exempted post you provide a declaration.
3. Paid Time Off: You will be entitled to 12 days of paid time off per year, in addition to
mandatory public and national holidays as directed by local laws to a maximum of 10
per year.
4. Work Schedule: Work hours will be from 9:00AM to 6:00PM with 1 hour of lunch
break, with Saturday and Sunday as weekly off.
5. As we begin our journey as a startup there is no overtime planned in the
organisation.
Job Responsibilities: In your role as a Full Stack Engineer, your primary responsibilities will
include:
Thirty Seven uCube Technologies Private Limited- 5th Floor, Indiqube Penta, 32, Shantala
nagar, Richmond Town, Bangalore 560025, KA, IN- CIN- U62020KA2024PTC193846
1


3
U CUBE
Build applications based on the logic and input provided by Al teams.
Collaborating with cross-functional teams to integrate Al solutions.
• Identify and work on both the front end and back end for a particular application.
Staying up-to-date with advancements in technology and applying best practices.
Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure: During the course of employment, you may have
access to confidential information of the company, including but not limited to, proprietary
algorithms, machine learning models, AI/ML architectures, data sets, training methodologies.
Customer Information including but not limited to customer lists, contact information and
data. Financial information, Business plans and strategies, Marketing advertising materials,
Information concerning company's research and development activities and any other
information designated as confidential by the company.
The obligations of confidentiality shall survive the termination of the employee's employment
with the company for a period of 1 year.
Conditions of Employment: A detailed employment contract outlining the terms and
conditions of your employment will be provided upon your acceptance of this offer.
Acceptance: To accept this offer, please sign and return this letter by 10th June 2025. We
are excited about the possibility of you joining our team and contributing to the innovative
work at uCube.ai.
If you have any questions or need additional information, please feel free to contact me on
+91 9740763636
We look forward to your positive response.
Sincerely,
Srinivaschary T
Founder and CEO
uCube.ai
www.ucube.ai
Employee's Acceptance
I, [Candidate's Full Name], accept the offer for the position of Full Stack Engineer with Thirty
Seven uCube Technologies Private Limited as outlined in this letter.
Signature:
Date:
Thirty Seven uCube Technologies Private Limited- 5th Floor, Indiqube Penta, 32, Shantala
nagar, Richmond Town, Bangalore 560025, KA, IN- CIN- U62020KA2024PTC193846
2


